Update webhooks Umbraco Heartcore (#5505)
umbraco/UmbracoDocs: umbraco-heartcore/getting-started/webhooks.md

From here you add the URL that the webhook should call and select the **Event** that should trigger the webhook. Lastly, you can choose a Content Type you wish the webhook to trigger on.

> Please be aware that selecting the event type is the initial step, and this field is not mandatory.

Reviewer: perhaps an info note might be better in this case?
```suggestion
{% hint style="info" %}

Selecting the event type is the initial step. Also, this field is not mandatory.

{% endhint %}

```

Author: Seems good to me 😄

Webhooks will be fired from either of the two static IPs listed below.

> When working with an external service behind a firewall, ensure the following IPs can pass through for webhook data. The service requires access to your Umbraco Heartcore project. 

Reviewer: Leaving just "pass through for webhook data" might leave some questions so I added the part back where "the service needs to communicate heartcore project " Therefore my suggestions would be:
```suggestion
When working with an external service behind a firewall, your service needs to communicate with your Umbraco Cloud project and receive webhook data. This can be done by ensuring that the following IPs are allowed to pass from the firewall
```
